Update documatation for recent versions (#460)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/Vanilla/Dispenser/BehaviorSupport.md

# Dispenser Behavior Support

CraftTweaker allows you to add or remove dispenser behaviors.

## Removal

> Using `IItemDefinition#removeDispenserBehavior` method to remove dispenser behavior of the specific item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `IItemDefinition#removeDispenserBehavior` method to remove dispenser behavior of the specific item.
```

```zenscript

> // Dispenser no longer can shoot arrows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Dispenser can no longer shoot arrows
```

<minecraft:arrow>.definition.removeDispenserBehavior();
```

## Addition

> Using the `IItemDefinition#addDispenserBehavior` method to add dispenser behavior of the specific item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `IItemDefinition#addDispenserBehavior` method to add dispenser behavior for the specific item.
```

`itemDef.addDispenserBehavior(IDispenserBehavior behavior, @Optional IDispenserSoundFunction soundFunction)`

### IDispenserBehavior

> The IDispenserBehavior function defines how dispenser dispenses the item. It has two parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IDispenserBehavior function defines how a Dispenser dispenses the item. It has two parameters:
```
